society and the media tell us that to be
beautiful is to look a specific way and
that way is simply unachievable no
looking that specific way is
unachievable for some people and it's
completely effortless for other people
right if they're mediocre-looking I'm
okay with a guy that's not looking you
overlook the fact that they're mediocre
because of their personality their
kindness their intellect sure but if
they're hideously ugly and this were
supposed to be talking here is real
ugliness part of the answer to the
commodification of beauty in the year
2020 is the commodification of ugliness
people are now making money selling you
lies about ugliness even if it's not
nearly as many people as they're making
money out of selling you lies about
beauty ditch the label is a foundation
that proves the point I feel like ever
since being in college and going out
with my friends I've never noticed it's
always my friends who get noticed by
boys no matter how much I try to get
over it it still bothers me not being
quote-unquote pretty enough while it is
true that a minority of people truly are
beautiful and are merely overly
self-critical imagining themselves to be
ugly this has become a pretext to bully
and denigrate and marginalize the people
who really are struggling with ugliness
and those the people who need our help
who need our sympathy at least most of
all so this is from the website of this
foundation dish the label some anonymous
person writes in and says quote I'm ugly
and I know it I'm very ugly I just hit
23 and I look like I'm 40 years old have
hair loss and a weird face which makes
everything worse I really don't know
what to do anymore I've been meditating
for a year every morning and night
it has helped me to shut down my bad
feelings and thoughts about myself by
just observing them but it doesn't help
me in my overall life because everyone
is still treating me like I'm a monster
and some of them actually say it right
to my face it's very hard for me to find
a job because I couldn't continue school
because literally 80% of people bullied
me and I just couldn't keep up with no
help around me every night I go to sleep
and I hope not to wake up the next
morning and just die peacefully close
quote
meditation is not gonna solve this
problem okay
this is someone who's dealing with
ugliness and its impact in their life
this isn't someone is dealing with low
self-esteem this isn't someone who's
objectively beautiful but disappointed
that they're not able to rise to the top
of the heap on Instagram in the
competition for endorsements and
modeling contracts whistling no this is
about ugliness and the demoralization of
being ugly in a superficial Society I'm
going to read how this foundation
replied I want you to pause for half a
moment and ask yourself how you would
reply if you were being paid a salary
working for a foundation that supposedly
specialized in precisely this sort of
issue this foundation claims quote all
of our interventions are evidence-based
which means that we are continuously
using data and innovation to improve the
support that we provide the young people
we don't patronize young people instead
we empower them with skills techniques
and knowledge that enable them to
resolve their own situation so you got
that straight they're not gonna be
patronizing they're gonna provide skills
techniques and knowledge that will
actually solve this person's problems on
the basis of social science research
here it is I'm sorry you've experienced
this from others you do not deserve that
in any way we are surrounded
by so many images telling us what we
should look like what is and isn't ugly
but we all have beauty and value not not
patronizing at all right
this is clearly evidence based social
science which clearly clearly I know
it's hard but it is easy to slip into
believing what random people say rather
than those that love you and care about
you
right not patronizing at all
you should just believe when your
parents tell you that you're beautiful
and you should not care about the very
real problems this person has reported
to you from their life day by day how
they were treated at school how they're
treated at job interviews no you're
goddamn wrong it's not it's not your
parents opinion of how beautiful you are
that matters it's the opinion of random
people it's your experience in society
at large that's exactly the problem
we're supposed to be dealing with here
that's exactly what we're supposed to be
addressing the struggle the plight of
people who are actually ugly the truth
is no one is ugly loving yourself and
building confidence does take work but
you are worth the time trying to be
optimistic is great but also listen to
your mind when you're feeling low as
it's okay to be upset as well it's
definitely worth building up a good
network of friends as this is super
empowering wow wow it's a good thing we
left this to the professionals when they
say get professional help this is what
they mean people get in touch with the
professionals at this foundation they
won't patronize you oh no oh no they are
going to provide an intervention that's
evidence-based providing you with skills
techniques and knowledge that will
enable you to resolve your situation if
someone has the strength of character to
tell you that they are ugly this is what
they're struggling with this is what's
making them suffer this is what's
ruining their lives how dare you say
back to them
the truth is no one is ugly if you think
you're ugly it's just a figment of your
own imagination and this is being
presented it's 100% sincere you haven't
even seen a photograph of this person
this could be someone who's really quite
deformed or someone who is not just
subjectively but objectively ugly and
you can say Oh beauty is in the eye of
the beholder and it's a little bit
different from one culture to the next
but guess what some people are so ugly
that they are really considered ugly in
every culture some people are so hideous
that it's it's hard to look at them and
it's hard for them to get a job and all
these other things and it's hard for
them to get through school that was what
we're supposed to be talking about here
I ditch the label we believe that
everyone is beautiful regardless we know
from my research that appearance is a
huge concern for people with 51% saying
that they were bullied because of
attitudes towards the way that they look
overall one in two told us that they
want to change their appearance and some
would even consider invasive plastic
surgery we've had enough so we sat down
to discuss ways to promote positive body
image online searching using key terms
like I'm ugly I wish I was pretty I look
horrible we found thousands upon
thousands of people who were tweeted
negatively about their own appearance
every single day throughout the week we
sat down and we reached out to those in
need of a lil confidence boost using our
template we customized the graphic to
directly respond to individuals comments
and tweets so you think that's what's
gonna solve this problem is 100%
insincere flattery from someone who
doesn't even care someone who doesn't
even know what you look like someone who
doesn't care about what your struggle is
someone who's getting paid someone is
getting paid to lie to you to flatter
you sick it's important to remember that
everyone is beautiful in their own way
we shouldn't let the media dictate what
is beautiful or attractive so now it's
over to you get involved and help spread
some positivity by complimenting people
who have lost sight of how beautiful
they actually are if everyone was happy
and confident in themselves then the
world would truly be a more beautiful
place so what is this priceless advice
this well-funded foundation has to offer
when people tell you that you're ugly
you can say back to them sorry that is
just not true you can try doing daily
affirmations such as saying I am whole
just the way I am you can tell yourself
I am perfectly imperfect you can also
put posties around your mirror post-it
notes just write on little pieces of
paper and stick them up around the
mirror giving compliments to yourself
aha that'll solve the problem turn up
the positive and turn down the negative
give it a try it takes a little while
also meditate this really helps to clear
your thoughts here's an anonymous person
writing in saying honestly it's just a
relief to know there are others that
feel this way I went through life just
accepting the fact that I'm ugly and
then it will never be found beautiful by
anyone of course my family will tell me
I'm beautiful but outside of them not
once has anyone ever told me I looked
amazing or stunning every time I think
that I've finally accepted this fact as
reality I find myself crying at the fact
that I'm going to die alone because
nobody will ever find me attractive even
now typing this there are tears in my
eyes as I think about all the negative
thoughts and feelings I've had
throughout these years why can't I just
accept the fact that I will look this
way my whole life and will stay single
forever because no one will ever find me
beautiful so what's the what's the
advice we get and replied this from the
experts from the team from the staff
over at ditch the label that's a real
shame that you think this way oh oh CC
it's all in your head because everyone
is beautiful the problem is just that
you think this way I want to say that
feeling not pretty has little or nothing
to do with actually being pretty because
you can actually be one of the most
conventional good-looking people in the
world but you can still feel like the
ugliest person and the world beauty is
subjective I may be a pretty girl to
many of you but I'm also an ugly girl
you beauty is in the eye of the beholder
what you think you are you become so the
moment that you say you are awkward and
not good-looking I truly do believe that
you become awkward and you know not
good-looking Yeah right it's all in your
head
the person you had a crush on in high
school who rejected you every time or
even found it disgusting or laughable
when you tried to hit on them it's all
in your head right think about that
really little my own experience in life
I'm not conventionally attractive I
might be unconventionally attractive but
I mean like the first girl I ever had a
crush on in high school I should she was
older than me I think like anyway she
think she was two years older than me
but at that time even a one year age gap
is significant you know in high school
she was significantly older than me and
she already had a boyfriend and I still
managed a seducer this is you know one
of the kind of formative experiences in
life and I learned from that experience
that one lesson I took from I just
didn't feel anyone was unattainable or
wrote of Richmond the most beautiful
girls in high school if I just talk to
them like a normal human but I just talk
to them the same way I talked to a guy
yeah I had options that was my
experience starting as a very young man
not everyone has that experience you can
call me ugly all right
beauty is in the eye of the beholder I
may be ugly to you all right
but I do not have the problem that
people actually feel uncomfortable
looking me in the eye I do not have the
problem that I get turned down at job
interviews for being too hideous to hold
down a job behind the counter at
Starbucks or you know working in a
clothing shop or something a lot of
those jobs implicitly they want people
who are good-looking it's not just a
bias towards good-looking people they
will actively reject and shut down
people who are considered ugly it
doesn't matter if you want to say it's
objectively ugly or objectively ugly
it's an objectively real problem in the
lives of some people and some people
have to bear the burden of feeling
rejected not just by the first person
that had a crush on but by the first
person the second person the third
person by every single person they had a
crush on in their lives and they
eventually come to
disappointing conclusion that nobody
wants them because they're too ugly
aren't those the people who need our
help
sympathy not the people for whom as you
say here quote unquote it's all in your
mind if that's true for some people I
don't know if it's 10% of people or
6,000 people no matter what it is
shouldn't we deal with shouldn't we be
trying to help the people who really
have this problem when it's not all in
your mind so real shame that you think
this way if only really attractive
people got partners in the world the
world would end because they would
procreate people of all different looks
and walks of life fall in love looks is
only such a small part of that for
mediocre people this might be okay
advice for people who are just
moderately attractive this might be okay
advice but you're supposed to be helping
people who are ugly people who know that
they're ugly and as this person writing
in said people are in a situation where
nobody has ever wanted them and they
feel they're gonna die alone because
nobody finds them attractive your
appearance is only a small part of being
attractive yeah that's pretty face
privilege okay if you are a mediocre or
good looking person you have the
privilege of saying oh my appearance is
only a small part of what people find
attractive
right but when you're hideously ugly if
you have a deformed skull whatever you
have a chronic skin condition no no this
is this is this is denigrating to
exactly the people they're pretending to
help they're pretending to offer
assistance to you fall in love with
people's personality and kindness looks
aren't really such a big thing right if
they're a mediocre looking you overlook
the fact that they're mediocre because
of their personality their kindness
their intellect sure but if they're
hideously ugly and this were supposed to
be job manures real ugliness
so I am daring to ask the question does
it help people to tell them being ugly
is not real that it's just a delusion hi
I've read the mission statement for the
website and I understand that you're
trying to help people and that you say
your methods are based on social science
research however what I see demonstrated
these forums is tantamount to
gaslighting one people write in
complaining that they're ugly and
describing the various problems this has
in their lives to a representative
replies without having seen a photograph
of the person insisting nobody is ugly
you are not ugly
you just think or feel that you're ugly
but this is some kind of subjective
delusion even if this approach were
viable or fruitful with some percentage
of people presumably social science
research would demonstrate that it is
not useful a hundred percent of the time
yes some people are pretty or plain and
think of themselves as ugly when they
really are not however I have known
people with deformed skulls I have had
co-workers born with serious facial
deformities and I met one man briefly
who at the middle of his face caved in
by a bullet wound in war and no he
didn't have any miraculous
reconstructive surgery these people are
real they really exist their ugliness is
objectively real not a subjective
delusion created by looking at bikini
models on Instagram and their suffering
matters too I do not understand how this
methodology came to be used universally
and indiscriminately on this website and
by your foundation in various contexts
that is say I understand your work isn't
limited to this website if some people
genuinely struggle with for example
deformed faces deformed skulls if
they're born with conditions that really
do make their bodies impossible to
rationalize as beautiful in the eye of
the beholder etc how can it possibly
help them to insist as you have done in
numerable times nobody is ugly etc it
would seem to me that these people need
the help most of all not the small
minority of people
who are objectively beautiful but have
this subjective delusion that they can
never be beautiful enough does nobody
care about the fate of people who are
actually ugly even if it is convenient
to pretend that they do not exist
quote-unquote nobody is ugly isn't that
just further marginalizing and
stigmatizing them isn't that
marginalizing and stigmatizing the
people who really do struggle with
objectively real ugliness pretending
that it is their own attitude that's the
problem is even more harmful when they
can reply as an objective fact I have a
deformed skull facial deformity people
look at me with horror and pity
everywhere I go
etc yes these problems exists on a
sliding scale but the approach of your
foundation is to deny that the problem
exists at all who does that help
how what social science research do you
have to back this up